sse communication sequence doc (#55)
duo-labs/sharedsignals: docs/push-and-poll-events.md

# SSE Communication Sequence
SSE (Shared Signal Events) has two options to deliver SETs (Security Event Token), we cover them below while showing full communication sequence/flow for each of them.
We take the case of one transmitter and one receiver.
## Poll Events Delivery
![sse-events-poll](assets/sse-events-poll.svg)

> The transmitter has endpoints that respond to the requests sent by the receiver. And the receiver has a requester that sends requests.

Reviewer: I think this line could be simplified:
```suggestion
In this configuration, the receiver polls for queued events from the transmitter
```

> In case of a `verification` request, the `<verification_endpoint>` on the transmitter, acknowledges or returns an error to indicate, if the contents of the request were valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of a `verification` request, the `<verification_endpoint>` on the transmitter acknowledges or returns an error to indicate if the contents of the request were valid.
```

> For a valid `verification` request, the transmitter stores the `verification SET(s)` in the buffer(database). Later, when a valid request to `<transmitter_poll_endpoint>` is received, it returns all the `SET(s)` in the buffer.

Reviewer: We usually refer to it as an event "queue" on sharedsignals.guide
```suggestion
For a valid `verification` request, the transmitter stores the `verification SET(s)` in the event queue. Later, when a valid request to `<transmitter_poll_endpoint>` is received, it returns all the `SET(s)` in the queue.
```

## Push Events Delivery
![sse-events-push](assets/sse-events-push.svg)

> The transmitter and receiver both have endpoints that respond to the requests sent to them. They (transmitter and receiver) also have requesters that are used to send request to each others endpoints.

Reviewer: Simplifying this line similar to above --
```suggestion
In this configuration, the transmitter pushes each event to the receiver without queueing them
```

> In case of a `verification` request, the `<verification_endpoint>` on the transmitter, acknowledges or returns an error to indicate, if the contents of the request were valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of a `verification` request, the `<verification_endpoint>` on the transmitter acknowledges or returns an error to indicate if the contents of the request were valid.
```
